[Music]
you
I'm desperately trying to figure out the
differences between these three cubs
those two the two scrapping they're both
males and that looks like a male - I'm
pretty sure these are three males
definitely three little males look at
them they're really going at it and
fighting that actually is a hugely
important part of adult male cheetah
behavior these three are going to boss
they're going to rule the area which
they settle in it may not be right here
they'll probably move away from their
mums home range but they will stick
together for the rest of their lives and
why power in numbers easier to hold a
territory easier to look out for danger
easier to hunt but it's going to be a
while before they can look after
themselves for now they're utterly
dependent on honey
I tell you what I'm down here I think I
can see Lions down there down in that
drainage line
see where that tree line is I am sure
that I saw a line just briefly and that
is what less than half a kilometer to
where honey is with the Cubs the problem
is this is becoming a hot spot for our
predators because who wouldn't want a
food supply like this for four months of
the year
the wildebeest come here it's like a
feast and all the Predators take
advantage of it
honey you better watch out you don't
want to lose another cub